---
title: Help Support Sherif Mansour by donating blood today!
url: http://owasp.org/blog/2025/08/20/blood-donation-drive.html
date: '2025-08-20'
author: Sherif Mansour
feed_url: https://owasp.org/feed.xml
---
OWASP’s 2021 Board of Directors Chairman, Sherif Mansour, was recently diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. To help him, and everyone affected by blood cancers, the OWASP Foundation is organizing a blood donation drive. Please show your support by donating blood today! “When I was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia, I didn’t know what to expect. The doctors introduced me to others on the same journey, and I have never seen such strength, generosity, and kindness in my life. No one wants to be part of this “club,” but everyone in it welcomes you with a spirit of humanity, encouragement, and compassion that humbles you. My family, my friends, and my community stood by me in ways I’ll never forget. I’m grateful to share that I am now in remission, though I still have ways to go — and I face each step with hope because of the support around me. “One thing all of us talk about is blood donations. Leukemia treatment wipes out your immune system, leaving you dependent on transfusions of blood and platelets to survive. There is no synthetic substitute — we all live and heal because strangers give. Every donation can save up to three lives. I’ve asked my friends to donate, and many did. The OWASP Foundation have even organized a blood drive, which we hope will reach even more people. I want to encourage everyone — in InfoSec, in the professional community, and beyond — to donate blood. You’ll never know when you or someone you love will need it, but every time you do, you embody the kindness and resilience of the human spirit, and you’re part of the quiet, beautiful truth that we are here for each other.” says Sherif. We at OWASP wish Sherif all the best, as although he is in remission, he still faces regular tests and blood transfusions. The best way for our community to support him is by donating blood. Please make a time to go donate blood today! 🌍 Global Resources: World Health Organization – World Blood Donor Day Resources IFRC – Find a Red Cross/Red Crescent 🇺🇸 USA – American Red Cross - AABB Blood Bank Locator 🇬🇧 UK – NHS Blood Donation 🇨🇦 Canada – Canadian Blood Services 🇦🇺 Australia – Australian Red Cross Lifeblood 🇮🇳 India – National Blood Transfusion Council - Indian Red Cross Society 🇪🇺 EU-wide – European Blood Alliance
